is the global economy in a recession is
the stock market going to crash here in
2024 all of that will be answered for
you today you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to talk about the economy we're
going to look at the stock market I'm
going to show you what the richest of
the rich people are doing with their
money and we are going to get into all
of that which is in between but let's
not waste any time we are looking right
here at this article Home Depot issues a
warning about the economy now you can
look at some companies it's chipot L and
McDonald's and all these others but when
we look at Home Depot that is a very
good indication of what's Happening
inside the economy because are people
renovating are people building how are
contractors doing this gives us a sense
of what's happening at the ground level
many different stats are available we
could look at interest rates we could
look at inflation rates and jobs numbers
but sometimes we have to go and go to
the second and third tier stat
statistics to get the a better sense of
what's happening and this happens to be
one of them if they're suggesting it it
is a reason to be concerned now with
interest rates still at highs and of
course people are concerned about the
future we don't know is it a recession
is it not nobody's going to admit it and
so this is the kind of thing that just
prolongs the problem and only makes it
worse for people you're getting of
course this talking about grocery prices
and people are feeling the pinch
everywhere you go you got to be smarter
about where you shop you got to know
which place is right for you recession
Obsession why some people root for an
economic downturn you got to be you know
clear about this a lot of people
actually want to have a collapse that's
why that's why you see all of the news
articles and all the titles and all the
YouTube thumbnails it's Crash recession
collapse and so on why it's of course
the negative side of it is attractive
but what do people actually want from it
they want a discount they want to
discount on their stocks they want to be
able to actually afford a home they want
to stop getting price gouged every time
they go need a repair in their house or
something these things should not be
discounted we need to be aware uh of of
what's happening okay this is going on
and we're seeing the panic in people and
we're seeing
how distraught they are and gold has
been a signal of that it has hit a
record high after everything that's been
happening with the stock market which
we'll get into in a second but it has
hit a record high 2500 look there
there's an ex as they say the extreme
renters who owne nothing not even their
jeans it's not just leasing your car
Christmas trees camping gear and even
caskets are up for rent I mean this is a
wild time I mean I don't understand how
you can rent the pair of jeans you
know it just it's wild but here we go my
friends don't even blink at the fact
that I'm constantly renting stuff it's
my parents who are like oh my gosh you
guys are still living in a place where
you don't own any of the furniture and
this is an interesting thing I think
what is good about it is that people
they don't have this impulse buying and
then they go and they spend thousands of
dollars on something they get into debt
and they're paying it off for 10 years
if you want something because you got a
you know this special event coming up
you could rent it you can bring it back
that's fine but I think people need to
make better decisions with their money
overall we lack Financial education this
is the number one problem if you want
that resolved or anybody that your your
friends co-workers whatever I literally
created a few free course and you don't
need to sign up with an email you don't
you just go to the web page the money GP
s.com Compass that's it you send them
that link 20 minutes later they got all
the financial education they need look
how how the situation is people are
making you know they're talking about
side hustles and all that I shared one
the previous week I I try to do that as
much as possible not just for kids
anymore adults turn to Lemonade STS as
side hustles now this is not your kids
type of Lemonade Stand where they're
just you know everything's all done and
they're kind of just pour in it this is
like another level it's more like a
juicing stand uh but the point Remains
the Same is that people are struggling
they're kind of doing the side hustles
where they can look that's the economy
that's what's happening these are real
indications in the markets however they
recovered from all the panic and the
worry and all that this is just talking
about the CEO of Google Eric or ex
Google CEO Eric Schmidt he had a few
things they actually as they said as the
bottom point there they actually pulled
this talk okay because he said oh yeah
we didn't do so well because we let our
employees stay home and work from home
while open AI was all Scrappy and they
were uh getting it done real fast and
that's why they got AI first this is
important he's talking about the fact
that Nvidia is probably going to be a
big winner they're asking for more and
more and more there's demand there from
these big companies like open aai to use
nvidia's chips and so on on and he's
saying you know what to do in the stock
market and then he says yeah not
Financial advice so um what's happened
in the stock market is that we've had
this hockey stick pattern it's gone
through the roof it has exceeded any
normal time frame and metric and so on
that we've seen and of course it came
down and what did people do immediately
they bought in what are the concerns
right now for investors in the stock
market number one concerned recession
number two concerned that the Federal
Reserve doesn't start cutting interest
rates they want cutting interest rates
they are going to get it real soon what
about real estate there's a there's a
mixed picture in real estate where you
have the share of million dooll homes in
America just hitting an all-time high
okay but then Florida hit by the worst
real estate crisis in decades as
desperate condo owners lash prices by up
to 40% now I talk about this with my
finance Friday crew all the time
whenever you see these patterns like
Nvidia going like this Bitcoin going
like this uh whenever they go crazy it
doesn't mean that they can't get back to
that point that's just what I'm trying
to say is we we can't factor that that
very brief moment in time into the
equation the prices should have never
been up at that high in the case of
Florida you got to understand it's not
just prices you can't look at a at a
price in San Francisco a price in
Florida and you say whoa look how much
more affordable it is in Florida you're
playing you're paying extremely high
Insurance costs you're paying all these
HOA fees like like uh condo fees you're
paying all these other things you have
to understand your monthly total cost
and that affects your real estate prices
that affects how much a price you know
the prices can appreciate and so on keep
that in mind when we're talking about
real estate so real estate is very up in
the air right now but fundamentally
stock market real estate
these things need a catalyst event to
actually plummet forget about the peak
forget about that Peak that that one
moment in time but in general to have a
major correction I shouldn't even use
the word correction a major crash it
needs a catalyst a stick of dynamite
being thrown into it for that to
actually be these events that we talk
about it does come it does does happen
you will experience them in your
lifetime but understand that it it's not
just like oh the prices went really
crazy and now it's going to crash as a
result or you know home sales are down
significantly and now it's going to no
no that doesn't happen like that okay
you need a big event you need a major
event in order to pull that pin and to
have it explode on you
okay uh now we're going to talk about
rich people uh John shared this one in
the
um in the finance Friday um what we're
talking about here is the the halves and
the Have Nots specifically the halves
more like the hav on the left hand side
not the real halves on the right hand
side okay um so what we're talking about
here is Art the rich can't sell their
art so they're borrowing against it art
sales have slowed but lending is up at
the major US Bank clients look for ways
to unlock liquidity while keeping their
art this is better this is what they do
for their stock portfolios okay in the
case of Jess Bezos he was borrowing
against his Amazon stock at guess do you
know how much it is do you know how much
he was borrowing against at the at the
peak like you know 2021 or something
let's say he was borrowing at
0.69% so you're getting basically free
money he knew he wasn't going to sell
all those shares
so there's no need like for him is like
yeah it's free money um and so that's
what he did I don't know if he still has
that or what have you um in the case of
um interactive brokers were the best um
brokerage you'll find interactive
brokers they were doing it at about a
percent still incredible now those rates
have changed of course since the rates
have come uh much higher but at a
percent I mean come on so what are they
doing they got a real asset they know
they're not going to sell it and they
borrow against it but you do that in
real estate as well now if your prices
are coming down you're going to get
squished but there's the Burr method BR
rrr that method is basically what people
have been doing the Cash out refinance
because they don't want the cash flow
necessarily they want to accumulate
assets that's what people are doing and
um you know in the right time at the
right place these things could work well
Cash out refinance could be very
attractive at the right time you hold
the asset you take the cash out and you
don't go buy a Lamborghini with it you
invest in more assets you always
maintain that asset you know if you need
to you can always sell so you see what
the rich are doing you see what's
happening I have said this before to the
finance Friday crew that a 20 greater
than 20% crash in any broad Market is
very difficult to achieve 30% whoa
that's very hard and then we go on and
on I'm not saying it's not coming when
it does it will hurt and it's going to
be catastrophic and the result of that
guess what money printing they will
devalue your currency they will punish
you significantly and we have people
point oh it's the government that's is
the the government's the problem but the
government's also going to be the the
solution to the problem we just need the
right government no no no the government
the Federal Reserve central banks they
are the ones that created the problem in
the first place in order to make sure
that there are two classes of people
that there's the halves and the Have
Nots and guess which group you're a part
of all right George
Carlin rip you could see right here um
what I love to tell people number one to
get Compass it's totally free the money
gps.com
Compass that's where you tell your
family your friends your co-workers that
are like not hey I don't like this
YouTube guy who's this guy there's no
links to my YouTube there's no links to
anything else you just go to Compass you
get all those videos but if you really
actually want to know the big stuff that
I talk about each and every week that is
with my live Zoom class that we do every
Friday for the finance Friday and then
on the Sunday I'm literally on the
ground level helping people build their
online business this is unlike anything
that you see before it's not like a you
know a Q&A we do a presentation on both
the Friday session and the Sunday
session I'm going for at least an hour
on just the presentation then it's like
open forum for the most part you you
don't get anything like this if you are
interested Link at the top of the
description wait a second did you hit
that Thumbs Up Button if
not I did you hit it hit it now and if
not Janet Yellen will come and visit you
okay take care bye